Welcome back my student in the last lecture we were able to send two parameters.
We created a page altar's underscore put it up.
All right.
And we're sending two parameters here but we only see one specific pose for this user.
We're now seeing all of them.
All right.
So let's go ahead and use this data in this page and see what we can accomplish.
So I mean author underscore posts that BHB and we are getting two parameters where we only getting one.
Here we are we are only using one.
So we want what we want to do is use the second one.
Right.
So very simple.
The second one is going to be named Paul's alter.
It would go like this.
And what we're passing in is the altar.
That's the key that we got.
All right.
So how are we going to do this.
Select all from polls where we're very simple.
We're polls all too old for Walter.
I got problems mentioning using that word author.
There we go.
I think that's on the better.
All right.
So we're both equals the polls although we got there way.
Whoops there we go.
All
right.
How about that.
Do you think that will work.
Well let's see if it does.
We've got to go on different variables.
Probably the bottom of the page put it if I click on the name here then we get nothing.
All right.
So let's go ahead and find out what's going on.
So we're not getting any data.
We're not getting any errors.
All right.
So select from.
All right let's make sure this is in the right place.
All right.
Let's go into it again.
There we go.
Now we are getting something that we're getting all the polls for that order right.
Beautiful.
So let's go to the CMAs front again and let's check for Jose.
Now we're getting everything about as you see that only has two.
But we're getting this coming thing here we don't need that.
All right so let's get this get that comment out comment part out.
All right.
So this is for Welse.
I'm just going to delete all this right here.
We should delete it.
This to me using that stuff.
Here we go.
Make sure this is the same one there Anders's.
Whoops I think I deleted something extra there.
All right.
Hopefully we don't get any errors there.
But there we go.
All right.
Perfect.
So that's how you do it.
All right.
So you can implement this to whatever you want in your project.
You can use it we users I think is a better option than just allowing any name to be typing here.
When they are when you have users.
So when you have users Let's go to admen.
Right.
It's I think it's better that you actually display whatever the users post is.
You can modify this to higher you want I'm just giving you a general idea on how this is done.
But now you can see that you can pass all parameters catch it in another page and use them however you
like and we are using the right here.
All right to the tech the author and the post ID.
Perfect.
All right.
So now the next thing here will be that when there is another link here somewhere right here.
So this is the post title and this is a post on it or here.
You really don't want nothing showing here.
All right you probably want something like this and you say POWs or all POWs by.
All right.
So no link here.
Take that link off.
Come back to the page.
Let's go to the front.
Click on the name and you can see old posts by Edwin D.S..
That way they can click on it any more because they are on the page that they need to be.
All right.
So anyway I think this will help you.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in another lecture